Amazon's Prime Day outages trip up shoppers

Link: https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/16/technology/amazon-website-down-prime-day/index.html?obOrigUrl=true





The retailing giant's website experienced periodic outages on desktop and mobile on Monday afternoon, right after the Prime Day sale began at 3 p.m. ET. Many shoppers hoping to score deals were instead met with photos of cute dogs, the company's standard error page.

That put Amazon in the doghouse with upset customers, many of whom have gone on social media to complain.

The issues appeared to affect other Amazon products and services. According to Downdetector.com, a website that tracks outages, Amazon's Alexa, Prime Video Services, and Amazon Web Services experienced brief outages.

Related: Why Prime Day is important to Amazon



In a statement to CNNMoney, Amazon said, "Some customers are having difficulty shopping, and we're working to resolve this issue quickly. Many are shopping successfully -- in the first hour of Prime Day in the U.S., customers have ordered more items compared to the first hour last year. There are hundreds of thousands of deals to come and more than 34 hours to shop Prime Day."

Related: Bezos worth $150 billion as Amazon hits all-time high on Prime Day

Calls to Amazon's customer service number were answered with an automated message saying, "We've heard some customers are having trouble with our website right now. We're very sorry and we expect to have the website fully functioning again soon."

Amazon Prime Day is the company's annual sales bonanza. Lasting for 36 hours this year, it offers discounts on products to Prime Members. It's predicted to reach $3.4 billion in sales this year, according to retail think tank Coresight Research -- that is, if enough people can manage to make their purchases.

In addition to the revenue made on the day itself, it's a marketing opportunity for Amazon, which is always trying to sign up new Prime Members.

"The worst part about it is it's just embarrassing. They're supposed to be the best company in the world from a retail and e-commerce standpoint," said Sucharita Kodali, an ecommerce analyst at Forrester. "This just shows they're human."

Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2018 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2018. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2018 and/or its affiliates.

© 2018 Cable News Network. A WarnerMedia Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.



















We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more, click here. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

