Justin Bieber and Katy Perry among Twitter users hit hardest by follower purge

Link: https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/13/technology/twitter-purge-biggest-losers/index.html?obOrigUrl=true





The pop singer, along with Justin Bieber and former President Barack Obama, led a long list of celebrities, politicians, social media stars and news organizations who saw their followers drop as a result of Twitter's purge of suspicious accounts.

Earlier this week, Twitter said tens of millions of accounts previously locked due to suspicious activity will be removed from its follower counts. The social network said "most" people will lose "four followers or fewer," but prominent Twitter accounts "will experience a more significant drop."

Did they ever.

Social media analytics firm Keyhole tracked the impact of the purge on the 100 most popular Twitter (TWTR) accounts. The list reads like a who's who of US pop culture, with people like Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian and Oprah collectively losing millions of followers.

Twitter's move to purge locked accounts is part of it's larger effort to safeguard the platform amid heightened scrutiny over the proliferation of trolls, fake news and disinformation on social networks like Twitter and Facebook (FB).

Related: Twitter is purging suspicious accounts from your follower count

President Donald Trump lost 204,000 of his 53.3 million followers.

Singer Justin Bieber lost about 2.7 million followers, while President Obama's total dropped by nearly 2.4 million. That represents almost 2.5% of their respective followers.

New organizations took a hit too. CNN's breaking news account lost roughly 1 million followers, while the main New York Times account lost about 730,000.

Twitter's own account wasn't immune either: It shed more than 12% of its followers, or about 7.8 million users. That made it by far the biggest loser. Company CEO Jack Dorsey tweeted he personally lost 200,000 followers.

Microsoft cofounder and philanthropist Bill Gates lost nearly 900,000 followers, while basketball star LeBron James' follower count dropped by 880,000.

It's long been an open secret that numerous Twitter users rely on bogus accounts and bots to inflate their follower count. Others are unwittingly followed by accounts that have gone dormant. Mounting attention to the issue may have forced the company to address the problem and boost its credibility.

CNNMoney's Seth Fiegerman contributed to this report.

Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2018 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2018. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2018 and/or its affiliates.

© 2018 Cable News Network. A WarnerMedia Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.



















We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more, click here. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

