ZTE can once again do business with American companies

Link: https://money.cnn.com/2018/07/13/technology/zte-ban-lifted/index.html?obOrigUrl=true





The US Commerce Department said Friday that it's letting ZTE, which makes smartphones and telecommunications equipment, resume buying components from American companies.

The Commerce Department reached a deal with ZTE last month, agreeing to lift its ban after the company paid a $1 billion fine and put $400 million in an escrow account. The fine was paid in late June, and Ross said Friday that the $400 million had arrived at a US bank.

ZTE also agreed to bring in an American monitoring team and overhaul its top management as part of the deal. It recently named a new CEO and replaced its entire board to meet US demands.

The Commerce Department said Friday that these measures were the "harshest penalties and strictest compliance measures ever imposed in such a case."

"While we lifted the ban on ZTE, the Department will remain vigilant as we closely monitor ZTE's actions to ensure compliance with all US laws and regulations," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement.

ZTE has been in crisis since the United States first blocked it from buying US parts in April. The Trump administration said that ZTE had lied to US officials about punishing employees who violated US sanctions against North Korea and Iran.

The export ban forced ZTE (ZTCOF) to halt almost all of its operations, putting the company's future in doubt. It also fanned tensions between the Chinese and American governments as they sparred over tariffs, market access and alleged intellectual property theft.

Related: Where's ZTE? Execs go AWOL at China's big smartphone fair

The ZTE deal remains controversial on Capitol Hill. Members of Congress from both parties have lobbied to keep the ban in place, citing national security concerns.

And the Trump administration has yet to resolve other issues in its trade war with China.

US tariffs on Chinese goods worth $34 billion, and Chinese tariffs on US goods worth an equal amount, went into effect last week. President Donald Trump has said he's prepared to put tariffs on as much as $450 billion worth of Chinese exports.

Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2018 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2018. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2018 and/or its affiliates.

© 2018 Cable News Network. A WarnerMedia Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.



















We use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising. To learn more, click here. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies, revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

