33-foot-long dinosaur, bigger than King Kong, unearthed in Argentina

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/science/archaeology/dinosaurs.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

In the original "Jurassic Park" movie, Jeff Goldblum's character, Dr. Ian Malcolm says: "What do they have in there, King Kong?", making reference to the size of the dinosaurs in ...

Look outside your window and you will probably see dinosaurs. They are flying, hopping, chirping and perching on trees. You call them birds, but they are dinosaurs.

T. rex may have been a highly successful predator, but it would have been terrible at licking stamps, lollipops or popsicles, thanks to a tongue that was likely fixed to the bottom ...

A nearly-complete fossil of a mystery dinosaur thought to be 150 million-years-old was sold for nearly $2.4 million at an auction in Paris on Monday.

When you think of dinosaurs, your mind immediately goes to the impressive might of the tyrannosaurus rex or maybe the huge size of the brontosaurus.

Carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere after the impact of the Chicxulub asteroid, which ended the era of dinosaurs some 65 million years ago, warmed the Earth's climate for ...

The oldest known case of dandruff has been identified in a small feathered dinosaur that roamed the Earth about 125 million years ago.

Imagine a giant, bird-like dinosaur that was so heavy, it weighed as much as a modern-day rhinoceros. Given its heft, how did this bulky, feathered beast sit on its eggs without ...

The discovery of an ancient type of crocodile that lived during the Jurassic Period, at the height of the age of dinosaurs, has shed new light on the species.

SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Visitors at a Utah state park have been dislodging dinosaur tracks imprinted in sandstone and throwing the pieces into a nearby lake, officials said.

Reefs would benefit ecosystem and serve as natural barriers for hurricanes

Käthe Heusermann was in solitary confinement for six years and then sentenced to ten years of hard labor in a Gulag by Josef Stalin's Soviet Union. Her crime was knowing the truth about Adolf Hitler's death.

Photographs of Winston Churchill greeting troops shortly after D-Day have surfaced.

How 'Ghost Dunes' could reveal past life on the Red Planet.

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' New Shepard space vehicle will carry six passengers and blast off vertically, shooting more than 62 miles above Earth into suborbital space.

Wisconsin sheriff says technology is giving a new look at the person they believe committed the killings of Green Bay couple.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

