Amazon promise big deals during its Prime Day

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/us/economy.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Only Amazon Prime members are eligible to get the retail giant's discounts.

Fox Biz Flash: Wednesday, 7/11

Economist Peter Morici weighs in on 'Fox & Friends First.'

Republican lawmaker from Ohio has talked with President Trump about his concerns over trade.

According to the American Trucking Association, about 51,000 more drivers are needed to meet demand from companies such as Amazon and Walmart that are shipping goods across the ...

Concordia CEO Matthew Swift weighs in as U.S.-China trade tensions escalate.

U.S. sees solid June jobs report amid reports of a 'trade war' with China; Steve Forbes shares his analysis.

Fox Biz Flash: Friday, 7/6

Employers added more jobs for the 93rd month in a row; Fox Business Network's Hillary Vaughn reports from Los Angeles.

Tennessee business owners feeling the effects of tariffs. Republican congresswoman from Tennessee speaks out on 'America's Newsroom.'

Actress Scarlett Johansson was supposed to play a transgender person in an upcoming film, but has quit the role after LGBT activists attacked her for not leaving the role to another transgender person. Daniella Greenbaum wrote an article defending Johansson and her Business Insider editors deleted it. #Tucker

An Indiana man was arrested for a 1988 rape and murder of an 8-year-old girl after DNA match found from used condoms.

Only Amazon Prime members are eligible to get the retail giant's discounts.

For women whose husbands are serving in the military, bringing home a new baby can be especially difficult as they try to deal with everything by themselves.

Marine Corps veteran Roy Wesley Brady, Jr. on a mission to honor his brother and help veterans with mental illness.

The president has used Twitter to reach millions, but one of his latest tweets may have undermined his position ahead of the summit with Putin.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

