Ancient papyrus mystery solved

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/science.html



Scientists have finally unlocked the secrets of a mysterious 2,000-year-old papyrus document.

Scientists have finally unlocked the secrets of a mysterious 2,000-year-old papyrus document.

Prestige Oysters, one of the nation’s leading oyster distributors, is planting 10,000 tons of limestone off the coast of Galveston County. The latest endeavor is the first new reef ...

The ongoing eruption of Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano and continued lava flows into the sea has created a tiny new landmass off the Big Island, officials revealed Friday.

A fisherman in Texas hooked a massive hammerhead shark on Saturday that he described as a catch he "only dreamed about."

Photos of the critter stuck in the jar were posted on Facebook.

A silver face mask gilded with gold, a mummification workshop, mummies and sarcophagi have all been discovered at a tomb complex in Saqqara, Egypt, an Egyptian-German team ...

Our solar system is in constant motion, with all eight planets — and dwarf planet Pluto — orbiting the sun. Most of those planets are visible from Earth, even to the naked eye. If ...

Berlin’s ruins still smoldered as three Soviet military intelligence officers questioned a tall, lithe blonde in 1945. A Red Army lieutenant, the group’s translator, opened the ...

Stargazers were met with a glittering spectacle across the United States Sunday night.

After NASA's Mercury Surface, Space Environment and Geochemistry Ranging (MESSENGER) mission ended in 2015, the crust of the solar system's innermost planet was thought to be ...

An endangered sea turtle has been found dead on an Alabama beach, apparently strangled by a beach chair string.

Going for a dip in shark territory is scarier than popping a bottle of champagne.

The Martian surface is crisscrossed with what looks like the scars of running water cut into its dusty dry surface.

A disturbing video has been released, showing a group of lions in the African Savanna playing with a plastic bag.

A mob of Indonesian villagers slaughtered nearly 300 crocodiles at a sanctuary for animals in retaliation for the killing of a local man by a croc there.

Archaeologists in Egypt stumbled upon a new discovery dating back to more than 2,500 years ago near Egypt's famed pyramids at an ancient necropolis south of Cairo.

The Shroud of Turin, which has been revered by some Christians as the burial cloth of Jesus, could be a fake, according to a new forensic investigation. ...

Today, Pluto is known to sport five moons.

An 11-million ton iceberg, perched off the coast of a tiny Greenland village, is striking fear in the hearts of residents. ...

A polar research ship that the British public wanted to call “Boaty McBoatface” launched Saturday.















This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

