British diver doesn't rule out legal action against Elon Musk over 'pedo' tweet

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/tech.html



President Donald Trump was trolled by Dictionary.com Monday with the tweeted definition of “traitor” after his extraordinary joint press conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki.

The British diver who played an instrumental role in rescuing the 12 boys from a Thailand cave on Monday fired back at tech billionaire Elon Musk who apparently accused him of ...

Amazon's website ran into some snags quickly Monday on its much-hyped Prime Day, an embarrassment for the tech company on the shopping holiday it created.

President Donald Trump was trolled by Dictionary.com Monday with the tweeted definition of “traitor” after his extraordinary joint press conference with Russian President Vladimir ...

At one point, the idea of developing a start-up in Africa was unfamiliar and far-fetched.

Twitter on Saturday kicked off two accounts, Guccifer 2.0 and DCLeaks, that were connected to the 2016 hack of the Democratic National Committee and the leak of stolen documents.

As a long-time defender of shopping holidays like Black Friday, and as an avid Amazon.com shopper, I should be the natural audience for Amazon’s “Prime Day.”

Amazon Prime Day is upon us, and while the sale doesn't officially begin until 12 p.m. PT / 3 p.m. ET, Amazon is kicking things off early with a few sales on its own devices.

When someone passes away, Facebook either deletes or memorializes the individual's account and it can't be accessed by anyone beyond sharing memories on the timeline.

Microsoft has called on the government to step up and regulate facial recognition ...

Once upon a time, if you wanted to smear someone anonymously from a distance, you had to write on a bathroom wall.

Tech billionaire Elon Musk sent a viral shockwave Sunday in a tweet apparently accusing a British diver who helped rescue the 12 boys from a Thailand cave of being a pedophile.

The corruption of the Justice Department proceeds, unmolested by actual justice. The voter revolution of 2016 has more work to do.

When you’re picking a streaming video service, so many questions pop up: how much does it cost? What movies does it have? Can you find current episodes of your favorite TV show, or ...

Thousands of miles away from Silicon Valley in Clarksdale, Mississippi, in an old building that used to be a clothing shop, there’s a virtual reality academy that trains the next ...

My ex is a total psycho. How do I know there isn’t a secret keylogger on my phone?

Former FBI lawyer Lisa Page was “cooperative” and "credible" in a closed-door session Friday with select House committee members that lasted nearly five hours.















This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

