Burma court rules Reuters reporters can face full trial; Haley decries decision

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/united-nations.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

US Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley on Monday decried the decision of a court in Burma for formally charging two Reuters journalists accused of illegally possessing ...

United Nations security allegedly roughed up, tossed out and temporarily banned a reporter from its New York headquarters this week -- the latest incident in what a watchdog has ...

A United Nations report on extreme poverty in the U.S., which has sparked strong denunciations from the Trump administration as being “inaccurate, inflammatory, and irresponsible,” ...

Government security forces in Venezuela carry out unjustified killings without any apparent consequences as the rule of law in the country quickly vanishes, a United Nations report ...

A United Nations report criticizing the U.S. government on poverty in America is “misleading and politically motivated,” according to U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Nikki Haley.

A recent United Nations report blasting President Trump and America in general for harboring “contempt” and “hatred for the poor” is based on highly inaccurate data that can’t ...

President Trump has rightly decided to terminate U.S. membership on what U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo on Tuesday called the “misnamed” U.N. “Human ...

The Trump administration announced Tuesday it was withdrawing the U.S. from the United Nations Human Rights Council, with U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley calling the 47-member council “...

U.S. ambassador to the United Nations blasts the Council for its 'politicized scapegoating of countries with positive human rights records.'

Over the past year, the U.S. has tried again and again to make the Human Rights Council work.

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react negatively to the expansion of NATO, blames terrorists for civilian casualties in Syria.

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports from Helsinki.

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

