Burn pits near US military bases in Iraq keep smoldering, as health debate rages

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/news-events/fox-news-investigates.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Service members still overseas for our nation’s military forces are likely still being exposed to toxic chemical clouds emanating from burn pits still being used near their bases.

It’s something that may have escaped your attention, but it certainly hasn’t done so for friendly forces fighting on the front lines.

Sam Hall sat on his narrow bed, his thin frame propped up against the concrete wall, periodically glancing up from a well-worn paperback novel.

In 2010, Congress declared June 27 National PTSD Awareness Day.

The flight of industry has decimated a small Pennsylvania town, and the inundation of opioids has its back against the wall – and some of the city’s men are paying the price.

In a crushing blow to tens of thousands of veterans who say they were made ill by the use of open burn pits, dozens of lawsuits against a military contractor in charge of the waste ...

Jim Zanfagna's daughter died from an overdose of heroin laced with fentanyl, and friends were posting condolence messages before the Zanfagnas ever heard from authorities.

The murky nature of Hillary Clinton’s former presidential campaign fund continues to rise to the surface.

It was over a decade ago when U.S. Army Lieutenant Colonel Dan Brewer was faced with the daunting task of finding a solution to control the toxic fumes hanging over the military ...

What happened to the still unknown number of U.S. servicemen who disappeared during the Korean War and were never returned or accounted for? Families and experts are pressing for ...

Actress Scarlett Johansson was supposed to play a transgender person in an upcoming film, but has quit the role after LGBT activists attacked her for not leaving the role to another transgender person. Daniella Greenbaum wrote an article defending Johansson and her Business Insider editors deleted it. #Tucker

An Indiana man was arrested for a 1988 rape and murder of an 8-year-old girl after DNA match found from used condoms.

Only Amazon Prime members are eligible to get the retail giant's discounts.

For women whose husbands are serving in the military, bringing home a new baby can be especially difficult as they try to deal with everything by themselves.

Marine Corps veteran Roy Wesley Brady, Jr. on a mission to honor his brother and help veterans with mental illness.

The president has used Twitter to reach millions, but one of his latest tweets may have undermined his position ahead of the summit with Putin.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

