Dan Gainor

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/person/g/dan-gainor.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Dan Gainor is the Media Research Center's Vice President for Business and Culture. He writes frequently about media for Fox News Opinion. He can also be contacted on Facebook and Twitter as dangainor.Read More



 



Media bias was flying as fast as Air Force One as President Trump went from announcing a Supreme Court nominee to traveling to a NATO meeting in Belgium and then to Britain. ...

The imminent Supreme Court nomination was too much for the media to handle this week.

Media furor was aroused last week by four major Supreme Court cases that went against the left and by a Supreme Court retirement that will enable President Trump to appoint a ...

Media criticism of President Trump’s immigration policy reached a fever pitch this past week, as the president was demonized and called every name in the book, while some members ...

Nearly two-thirds of all Americans “feel exhausted by the news,” according to a new Pew Research Center study. After this past week, who could blame them?

No matter how you slice it, IHOP/IHOb is trying to have its pancake and meat it, too.

Government documents were leaked to the press. A reporter’s communications were seized by the government without her knowing about it. And a former Senate aide was charged with “...

The International House of Pancakes, which has been around for 60 years, has announced on Twitter that it is changing its acronym from IHOP to IHOb. No word yet on what that means ...

Turns out that the “War on Women” is only a War on Some Women. It just depends on their politics.

They still don't get that Trump is trolling them.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

