Don't Fear the Reefer? Legal-pot push shifts to red states

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/politics/elections.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Since Colorado and Washington became the first states to fully legalize marijuana for recreational purposes in 2012, a green wave has swept across the country as more states OK ...

A number of right-leaning states are making an effort to legalize recreational marijuana by putting it on the ballot box

Republican Georgia gubernatorial candidates Casey Cagle and Brian Kemp are heading to a July runoff election.

Jonathan Serrie reports on a fierce primary battle for the Republican congressional nomination in Alabama's 2nd District between Martha Roby and Bobby Bright.

President Trump’s re-election campaign and groups backing his agenda raised nearly $33 million in just the last three months, an explosion of support driven by small donors, the ...

A St. Paul City Council candidate in Minnesota on Saturday is accused of posting a topless photograph of his estranged wife on the campaign’s website after she filed a restraining ...

President Trump’s campaign committee—along with two other groups— raised more than $88 million to go toward his re-election campaign, The New York Times reported late Sunday.

Forty years ago, I made one of the best decisions of my life. I walked away from the Democrat party and registered as a Republican.

The California Democratic Party issued a stunning rebuke of U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Saturday by decisively handing its official endorsement to state Sen. Kevin de Leon, her ...

California Democratic Party endorses Senator Dianne Feinstein's progressive challenger.

The biggest reorganization of the U.S. Army in half a century aims to establish dominance in cutting edge warfighting technologies; national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin reports.

Gen. Anthony Tata discusses the outcome of Trump's tough talk.

U.S. plans to stay in Afghanistan indefinitely

Construction has begun on temporary tents for undocumented families and children. Casey Stegall reports from Texas.

Is the military prepared for the next war it is called to fight? Republican congressman and former Navy SEAL speaks out on 'Fox & Friends.'

President Trump makes demands of several NATO leaders ahead of next week's summit in Brussels; national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin reports from the Pentagon.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

