Elon Musk calls diver who helped save Thailand boys a 'pedo' for slamming his rescue idea

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/scandals.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Tech billionaire Elon Musk sent a viral shockwave Sunday in a tweet apparently accusing a British diver who helped rescue the 12 boys from a Thailand cave of being a pedophile.

A group of former Ohio State wrestling coaches is defending embattled Republican Rep. Jim Jordan amid reports that he failed to report sexual abuse against students by a team ...

When Netflix was on the verge on impeaching “House of Cards” amid the Kevin Spacey scandal last year, it was the new president who rallied the base to save it.

A nun and another worker at a shelter for unwed mothers run by Mother Teresa’s charity in eastern India have been arrested for allegedly selling a baby, police said.

Father Jacques Lacroix, a French priest, has been suspended from all baptism and marriage celebrations following a viral video of him slapping a baby across the face during a ...

Fernando Puron, Mexican congressional candidate was shot dead after he finished a debate where he addressed public security and tackling crime in Mexico.

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte was slammed on Monday for kissing a married woman in front of thousands of cheering Filipino workers, with some calling it “disgusting ...

Less than 14 hours after following up a racist tweet by writing, "I apologize. I am now leaving Twitter," Roseanne Barr was back on the social media platform late Tuesday.

Pope Francis summoned the 31 active Chilean bishops to Rome for an emergency meeting over the widespread sex abuse scandal plaguing Chile's churches; religion correspondent Lauren ...

Amazon has pulled Jeffrey Tambor from Emmy contention after he was fired from his hit show “Transparent” following sexual harassment allegations.

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react negatively to the expansion of NATO, blames terrorists for civilian casualties in Syria.

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports from Helsinki.

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

