Fortnite season 5: What we know so far

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/tech/topics/video-games.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Season five of "Fortnite" is almost upon us and as usual the internet has been blowing up with fan theories, plot leaks and data mining secrets.

A giant real-life version of the 'Durr Burger' sign featured in the wildly popular video game 'Fortnite' has been found in the Mojave desert. The sign's appearance in the real-...

The “Fortnite” phenomenon has just got even weirder. A giant real-life version of the “Durr Burger” sign that features in the wildly popular video game has been found in the Mojave ...

Kurt the 'CyberGuy' shares details after returning from the E3 Expo gaming event.

Amber Petersen was lounging in bed with her 7-year-old daughter last week, watching her play the popular children's video game Roblox on her iPad when she saw a disturbing display ...

In Nintendo's home territory of Japan, the 2DS XL is known as the 2DS LL, and Japanese gamers are set to get three new 2DS LL to choose between in the coming weeks.

Far-right groups are using online games such as Fortnite to radicalize kids and recruit them into their organizations, according to one reformed neo-Nazi.

When Nintendo launched the Switch and sales were much better than anyone expected, it looked as thought the 3DS was on life support.

The popular game "Fortnite" is attracting malware offering up bogus Android versions.

Back in April, a Switch hack was discovered that can't be patched by Nintendo without Nvidia being asked to redesign the Tegra X1 processor.

Young entrepreneurs and developers in Mississippi are aiming to make the Magnolia State a major techhub for the emerging field of virtual reality.

A growing cadre of so-called 'white hat' hackers help stop security breaches before they happen.

Congress is stepping in to find out just who can see your data.

Allison Barrie shares details on how University of Texas at Austin researchers have devised a simple way to hunt difficult-to-find deadly nerve agent weapons by using two everyday items, Legos and smartphones.

What does the social media move mean for you? Centric Digital's Brian Manning explains.

As opioid abuse continues to kill people across the country - there were 33,000 opioid-related deaths in 2016 - Cary, N.C. began using a special device that pinpoints what areas of the city have high opioid abuse by testing the sewer water

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

