Fox News Halftime Report

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/politics/midterms-2018.html



The Trump agenda hinges on what happens in the 2018 midterms - and Fox News' Halftime Report constantly updates the electoral landscape. See the latest Fox News ratings for Senate and Gubernatorial contests in the map below.

Democrats



Republicans

Democrats no election

51 needed to win

no election Republicans



* 2 independents caucus with the Democrats

























Since Colorado and Washington became the first states to fully legalize marijuana for recreational purposes in 2012, a green wave has swept across the country as more states OK ...

A number of right-leaning states are making an effort to legalize recreational marijuana by putting it on the ballot box

Republican Georgia gubernatorial candidates Casey Cagle and Brian Kemp are heading to a July runoff election.

Jonathan Serrie reports on a fierce primary battle for the Republican congressional nomination in Alabama's 2nd District between Martha Roby and Bobby Bright.

President Trump’s re-election campaign and groups backing his agenda raised nearly $33 million in just the last three months, an explosion of support driven by small donors, the ...

A St. Paul City Council candidate in Minnesota on Saturday is accused of posting a topless photograph of his estranged wife on the campaign’s website after she filed a restraining ...

President Trump’s campaign committee—along with two other groups— raised more than $88 million to go toward his re-election campaign, The New York Times reported late Sunday.

Forty years ago, I made one of the best decisions of my life. I walked away from the Democrat party and registered as a Republican.

The California Democratic Party issued a stunning rebuke of U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein on Saturday by decisively handing its official endorsement to state Sen. Kevin de Leon, her ...

California Democratic Party endorses Senator Dianne Feinstein's progressive challenger.

Rep. Joseph Crowley, D-N.Y., tried to ease the tensions between himself and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, the insurgent Democrat who defeated the 10-term congressman in last month’s ...

President Trump said that he doesn’t see any Democratic challenger who could beat him in the 2020 presidential election.

JULY 17

JULY 17

JULY 24

AUG. 2

AUG. 7

AUG. 7

AUG. 7

AUG. 7

AUG. 11





























This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

