Harvard-linked employee apologizes over 'affordable' comment

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/us/education.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

An employee with a Harvard University-affiliated research center has issued an apology after she was captured on video asking a neighbor and the woman's biracial daughter if they ...

Police in a St. Louis suburb are reviewing what happened after 10 black college students were stopped by officers and escorted with squad cars to a restaurant after being ...

School officials in Virginia are renaming a school named for a Confederate general.

An Ohio school district will install a new safety measure for the upcoming school year in case of a shooter situation.

Through a blazing heat, a crowd of more than 3,000 teachers and union workers organized and marched in Pittsburgh on Saturday as they vowed to make their voiced heard in apparent ...

Hillary Clinton touts energized membership at national teachers union conference

The University of Louisville in Kentucky announced Friday that it will drop the Papa John’s name from its football stadium as part of the growing fallout over a racial remark made ...

A sixth grade social studies teacher is under investigation for a tweet comparing the Texas teen who had his “Make America Great Again” hat stolen inside a Whataburger to a “Nazi,” ...

A ministry director at Villanova University was arrested and charged with possession of child pornography.

Cincinnati has launched a new 911 system following the failed response to a 16-year-old student who died trapped in a minivan parked near his school.

Actress Scarlett Johansson was supposed to play a transgender person in an upcoming film, but has quit the role after LGBT activists attacked her for not leaving the role to another transgender person. Daniella Greenbaum wrote an article defending Johansson and her Business Insider editors deleted it. #Tucker

An Indiana man was arrested for a 1988 rape and murder of an 8-year-old girl after DNA match found from used condoms.

Only Amazon Prime members are eligible to get the retail giant's discounts.

For women whose husbands are serving in the military, bringing home a new baby can be especially difficult as they try to deal with everything by themselves.

Marine Corps veteran Roy Wesley Brady, Jr. on a mission to honor his brother and help veterans with mental illness.

The president has used Twitter to reach millions, but one of his latest tweets may have undermined his position ahead of the summit with Putin.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

