Hasidic leaders sharply limit members' web, smartphone use: 'It's like we're in North Korea’

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/tech/topics/computers.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

The father of five was summoned to a meeting with leaders of his ultra-orthodox Hasidic Jewish sect in Kiryas Joel, N.Y., a village of some 22,000 about 50 miles north of New York ...

It’s not just stuff. Your privacy needs a clean-up too.

Simple answers to all your questions regarding your increasingly digital world.

Darieth Chisolm was moving on from a year-long relationship when she got a chilling message from her ex.

Using your office computer for personal use is one thing, but what about installing a cryptocurrency miner?

A ransomware attack has forced the shutdown of a host of IT systems at Mecklenburg County.

What will make the techie in your life happy over the holidays? Try these brand new gadgets that all have a high-end feature that sets them apart from the pack. We tested each one ...

Until recently, the basic skills that we are all taught in elementary and secondary school have given us an adequate foundation to lead us through much of daily life.

Pornhub was hacked by a malicious software that could have affected millions of subscribers to the adult website.

A supercomputer built by Hewlett Packard Enterprise will be on board a SpaceX spacecraft when it launches on a resupply mission to the International Space Station Monday. The ...

Young entrepreneurs and developers in Mississippi are aiming to make the Magnolia State a major techhub for the emerging field of virtual reality.

A growing cadre of so-called 'white hat' hackers help stop security breaches before they happen.

Congress is stepping in to find out just who can see your data.

Allison Barrie shares details on how University of Texas at Austin researchers have devised a simple way to hunt difficult-to-find deadly nerve agent weapons by using two everyday items, Legos and smartphones.

What does the social media move mean for you? Centric Digital's Brian Manning explains.

As opioid abuse continues to kill people across the country - there were 33,000 opioid-related deaths in 2016 - Cary, N.C. began using a special device that pinpoints what areas of the city have high opioid abuse by testing the sewer water

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

