How a tick bite could harm your heart

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/health/heart-health.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

People with a rare red meat allergy may have a higher risk of heart disease, a new study suggests.

A report from Denmark details a case involving a 69-year-old patient who allegedly remained awake while doctors attempted to revive him with CPR for 90 minutes.

Researchers just discovered a simple way to fight obesity, heart disease, and mental illness – by giving people puppies.

A 10-year-old Texas girl has been hailed a hero after quickly calling authorities when her father had a medical emergency last week.

A Chicago baby is thriving after she became one of the first to receive a mechanical heart valve.

Officers called to a medical emergency at an Atlanta train station last week were called back to the same station an hour later, for the same emergency but with a different patient.

Professor of medicine at NYU Langone Medical Center says the former first lady is a 'pioneer' for her decision to stop aggressive treatment for heart failure and opt instead to ...

A week after Adolfo Ledesma's symptoms appeared, he was airlifted to UC Davis Medical Center where he became the youngest person in the country to have an Impella pump installed on ...

An experimental smartphone app might be an effective alternative to a traditional method of assessing circulation in people who need surgery to restore normal blood flow to the ...

New research suggests that more than 20 minutes of daily exercise is necessary to reduce mortality and the risk of disease. But the good news is that the exercise can provide all ...

The Centers for Disease Control has issued a warning not to eat Kellogg's Honey Smacks cereal due to a rising amount of salmonella cases related to the breakfast food.

Some doctors are now looking at big data sharing companies to help cancer patients and hospitals reduce the total cost of care all while improving clinical outcomes. Fox News' Dr. Manny Alvarez sits down with the founder of Cota, an oncology clinical data company to hear more about how this emerging field can lead to better treatment decisions.

Some teens with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) may have a difficult time finding work experience before embarking on college, but one Brooklyn-based internship program is helping kids with ASD learn how to use technology and become their own digital media producers.

Pharmaceutical company to delay drug price increases after being called out by the president on Twitter.

Vaccine blocks heroin from reaching the brain; Opiant Pharmaceuticals CEO Dr. Roger Crystal weighs in on efforts to fight opioid addiction.

Dr. Marc Siegel explains the surgery Heather Childers will undergo.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

