Infant dies day after showing symptoms of meningitis, family says

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/health/healthy-living/childrens-health.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

The grieving family of a 4-month-old Virginia boy who died just one day after showing symptoms of meningitis is speaking out about vaccines after doctors reportedly told them that ...

Some teens with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) may have a difficult time finding work experience before embarking on college, but one Brooklyn-based internship program is helping ...

A "happy and smiling" toddler died after he was given seven times the intended medication dose following admission to hospital for a seizure, an inquest heard.

Babies who start on solids at three months sleep better than infants exclusively breastfed until six months of age, according to a new analysis of clinical trial data.

Two members of an Oregon church that shuns traditional medicine in favor of prayer and anointing the sick with oils pleaded guilty Monday to negligent homicide and criminal ...

An emotional photograph shows the parents of Zoey Daggett holding her in their arms just hours before her death.

He was given 18 doses of anti-venom to save his life.

This is the horror moment a toddler's leg snapped while his mom took him down a slide on her lap.

Family members are holding a funeral in Northern California for a girl at the center of a medical and religious debate over brain death.

A mother-of-two who was told her unborn baby had just a 5 percent chance of survival in the second trimester said he is thriving, and didn’t need any medical intervention after she ...

The Centers for Disease Control has issued a warning not to eat Kellogg's Honey Smacks cereal due to a rising amount of salmonella cases related to the breakfast food.

Some doctors are now looking at big data sharing companies to help cancer patients and hospitals reduce the total cost of care all while improving clinical outcomes. Fox News' Dr. Manny Alvarez sits down with the founder of Cota, an oncology clinical data company to hear more about how this emerging field can lead to better treatment decisions.

Some teens with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) may have a difficult time finding work experience before embarking on college, but one Brooklyn-based internship program is helping kids with ASD learn how to use technology and become their own digital media producers.

Pharmaceutical company to delay drug price increases after being called out by the president on Twitter.

Vaccine blocks heroin from reaching the brain; Opiant Pharmaceuticals CEO Dr. Roger Crystal weighs in on efforts to fight opioid addiction.

Dr. Marc Siegel explains the surgery Heather Childers will undergo.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

