It's a miracle? Virgin Mary statue appears to 'weep' olive oil

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/us.html



A sculpture of the Virgin Mary that appeared to be crying at a church in New Mexico is being investigated after it was determined her tears were olive oil.

A California cleaning woman was left in clinging to life Monday morning after she was attacked by a large swarm of bees that “covered her from head to toe,” and required rescuers ...

The Wisconsin Department of Transportation on Monday released a video recording of a bicyclist riding through the warning gates of a draw bridge and falling between the gap, WISN....

A Harvard University-affiliated research center employee dubbed “Sidewalk Sussie” apologized on Monday after being caught on camera asking a neighbor and the woman’s biracial ...

A Texas death row inmate was set for execution Tuesday evening as lawyers argued in the courts that the state parole board improperly refused his clemency request because he's ...

Donald Trump's "America First" slogan morphed into "Me First" as the president unloaded on his own intelligence community and Justice Department to portray himself as the victim of ...

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Monday blasted San Francisco over its sanctuary policy that “shields criminal aliens who prey on the community” by pointing to an ...

Ohio planned Tuesday to move a condemned killer to the state death house as it begins preparations for its first execution in several months.

An employee with a Harvard University-affiliated research center has issued an apology after she was captured on video asking a neighbor and the woman's biracial daughter if they ...

Police say a London woman was impaled by a beach umbrella on the New Jersey shore.

A day care owner who pleaded guilty to attempted murder for trying to kill a toddler by hanging him from a noose in her basement was sentenced Monday to probation.

A man accused of fatally shooting a Massachusetts police officer with the officer's own weapon and an innocent bystander is scheduled to be arraigned Monday on murder charges.

The woman who California police say struck a pregnant woman with her car and fled the scene has been arrested.

A sculpture of the Virgin Mary that appeared to be crying at a church in New Mexico is being investigated after it was determined her tears were olive oil.

Actress Scarlett Johansson was supposed to play a transgender person in an upcoming film, but has quit the role after LGBT activists attacked her for not leaving the role to ...

Fire officials say a deadly wildfire burning near the west end of Yosemite National Park doubled in size overnight.

The 12 boys and coach of the Wild Boars youth soccer team who were rescued from a cave in northern Thailand last week share a characteristic with many of the professional European ...

The man who shot three police officers in Kansas City, Missouri, on Sunday and ultimately died in a shoot-out was identified as Marlin Mack.

Standing in the middle of a busy border bridge filled with thousands of Venezuelans lugging babies and suitcases, Mark Green said one element stood out in contrast to every other ...

A 7-year-old girl was struck and killed by a vehicle on Sunday while she was attempting to contact police for help after her allegedly intoxicated father was involved in a drunk ...

At least 23 people were injured in Hawaii on Monday after a lava explosion from the Kilauea volcano sent debris flying through the roof of their tour boat.

The Latest on a deadly wildfire burning near Yosemite National Park (all times local): 9:30 a.m.

Prestige Oysters, one of the nation’s leading oyster distributors, is planting 10,000 tons of limestone off the coast of Galveston County. The latest endeavor is the first new reef ...

Police in a St. Louis suburb are reviewing what happened after 10 black college students were stopped by officers and escorted with squad cars to a restaurant after being ...

The estranged wife of a concert pianist who was accused to smothering her two children to death was found not guilty by reason of insanity Monday.















This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

