Judge finds man accused of mailing explosives incompetent

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/us/terror.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

A federal judge is expected to decide Thursday whether a Washington state man accused of mailing explosive devices to government agencies in the Washington D.C. area is competent ...

A federal judge has handed down a prison sentence of more than six years for an Ohio man convicted of trying to help the Islamic State group.

15 of the 19 Sept. 11 hijackers came from Saudi Arabia. Ever since the attacks, the family members of victims have been pursuing financial compensation from Saudi Arabia's ...

The National Security Agency is deleting millions of phone call and text records it wasn't authorized to keep; chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge reports from ...

An American-born citizen who federal authorities say recently scouted locations in Cleveland to attack people watching Fourth of July fireworks and talked of carrying out ...

Demetrius Pitts, also known as Abdur Raheem Rahfeeq, was arrested by the joint terrorism task force in a plot to use a van filled with explosives on the Fourth of July.

A man who pledged allegiance to Al Qaeda sought to kill members of the military and conducted reconnaissance in downtown Cleveland for a planned attack on July 4 -- but the ...

National Security Agency analysts found technical irregularities in data provided by phone companies; chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge reports from Washington.

FBI says suspect planned to hit downtown on July Fourth.

The National Security Agency said Thursday it is deleting call records after "irregularities" caused it to collect records it was not authorized to receive.

Actress Scarlett Johansson was supposed to play a transgender person in an upcoming film, but has quit the role after LGBT activists attacked her for not leaving the role to another transgender person. Daniella Greenbaum wrote an article defending Johansson and her Business Insider editors deleted it. #Tucker

An Indiana man was arrested for a 1988 rape and murder of an 8-year-old girl after DNA match found from used condoms.

Only Amazon Prime members are eligible to get the retail giant's discounts.

For women whose husbands are serving in the military, bringing home a new baby can be especially difficult as they try to deal with everything by themselves.

Marine Corps veteran Roy Wesley Brady, Jr. on a mission to honor his brother and help veterans with mental illness.

The president has used Twitter to reach millions, but one of his latest tweets may have undermined his position ahead of the summit with Putin.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

