Lauren DeBellis Appell

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/person/d/lauren-debellis-appell.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Lauren DeBellis Appell, a freelance writer in Fairfax, Virginia, was deputy press secretary for then-Sen. Rick Santorum, R-Pa., in his successful 2000 re-election campaign, as well as assistant communications director for the Senate Republican Policy Committee (2001-2003).

Outside of politics Hillary is lost. Her actions post-election reveal it’s all she ever aspired to, and she doesn’t appear to be letting it go.

President Trump is scheduled to announce his nominee Monday. The announcement should solidify conservative support for the president – making the already-marginalized Never Trump ...

In the age of social media anyone can seize an opportunity to publicly take a stand against President Trump, and know that it could easily become national news and give them their ...

No matter what side of the political aisle you’re on, you couldn’t help but root for the team led by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., when players took to the field for ...

Although there were three others Democrats competing for their party’s nomination for the congressional seat, Democratic voters chose to nominate Archie Parnell despite 11th hour ...

In an NBC “Today” interview this week, former President Bill Clinton had his arrogant and misogynistic behavior on full display when asked about the Monica Lewinsky scandal during ...

Snapchat has decided to pull “Cosmo After Dark,” a highly controversial pornographic channel, shortly after launching it after receiving pushback from parents for its explicit ...

In her show “Full Frontal” on TBS Wednesday, Trump-hating left-wing comedian Samantha Bee used an obscene and sexist term in a disgusting attack on President Trump’s daughter and ...

Let's be honest - she's being rewarded because they agree with her that it was her turn in 2016 and the country got it wrong.

Tuesday’s primaries in Pennsylvania set the stage for races for 18 U.S. House seats that will be up for grabs in the November midterm elections.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

