Marine veteran makes second trek across US to raise awareness for PTSD

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/fox-news-salutes.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

A Marine veteran who set out on foot from San Diego in March will reach North Carolina this week as he walks to raise awareness for mental health issues afflicting the armed forces ...

A Marine veteran is making his second trek across the United States in an effort to raise awareness for other vets suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental ...

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said “firm commitments” were made on Sunday during a meeting between U.S. and North Korean officials at the Demilitarized Zone to discuss the ...

Some veterans in Tennessee say they're planning a protest march following a congressman's comment this week that embattled FBI official Peter Strzok deserved a Purple Heart for ...

Sergeant Pam Kelly thought she would spend her entire career in the U.S. Army, but that all changed when she suffered a paralyzing accident.

The U.S. Navy Thursday dedicated one of its Japan-based guided missile destroyers to ailing U.S. Sen. John McCain.

A repatriation ceremony honoring U.S. personnel that went missing during the Vietnam War was held on Tuesday at Da Nang International Airport.

Service members still overseas for our nation’s military forces are likely still being exposed to toxic chemical clouds emanating from burn pits still being used near their bases.

More than 70 years after his death, a World War II veteran was buried Tuesday with full military honors at Arlington National Cemetery.

Air Force veteran Larry Murphree was forced to sell his home in Sweetwater, Fla, after the HOA fined him for a flag he stuck in a flower pot outside his house.

For women whose husbands are serving in the military, bringing home a new baby can be especially difficult as they try to deal with everything by themselves.

Marine Corps veteran Roy Wesley Brady, Jr. on a mission to honor his brother and help veterans with mental illness.

In 2002 Sergeant Pam Kelly worked sling load operations, which is when a helicopter picks up a load and carries it from one area to another. The 37-year-old instantly became a quadriplegic when one of the helicopter's cables snapped and the load fell on her. Learn how she's navigating her life and finding new hope with her injury.

Former Marine Corps bomb technician Joey Jones calls Rep. Cohen's remarks 'disgusting.'

Former Air Force traffic controller Larry Murphree forced to sell home after HOA fines pile up.

Former intelligence officer Don Bramer reacts on 'Fox & Friends First.'

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

