Markets

Link: https://www.foxbusiness.com/markets.html

Advertisement

Online shoppers reported issues using Amazon's website at the start of Prime Day.

UnitedHealth, J&J and Goldman Sachs all report earnings.

U.S. stocks are mixed Monday morning as banks rise along with interest rates but energy companies sink along with the price of oil.

Netflix’s stock fell nearly 14% after its earnings report.





What to look for when the rail giant releases second-quarter 2018 earnings this week.

Investors have important questions that they hope the pipeline giant will address when it reports second-quarter results after the market closes on Wednesday.

These defense titans have each enjoyed a significant run-up over the last five years. Which is the better buy today?

UnitedHealth, J&J and Goldman Sachs all report earnings.

Will an economic slowdown dent ETF growth?

Former U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Bill Richardson on President Trump's meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Trump's handling of North Korea.

ETF Trends President Tom Lydon on the state of the markets.

The e-commerce retailer said it’s focused on serving customers after workers in Europe walk out.

An international forum on financial regulation say virtual currencies such as bitcoin do not pose a threat to global stability but require "vigilant monitoring" as the market is changing rapidly.

U.S. stocks are mixed Monday morning as banks rise along with interest rates but energy companies sink along with the price of oil.

FBN’s Susan Li on how Netflix’s stock plunged after the release of its earnings report.

Netflix’s stock fell nearly 14% after its earnings report.

As trade war tensions loom, mark July 30 on your calendars, Caterpillar investors.

State media say that North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has harshly reprimanded local officials over a delayed construction project.

Brent at one point touching the lowest since mid-April.

A drop in sales from a key customer and low guidance sent Ambarella's stock tumbling.

NFLX earnings call for the period ending June 30, 2018.

U.S. stocks are mixed Monday morning as banks rise along with interest rates but energy companies sink along with the price of oil.

The European Union and Japan are signing a widespread trade deal that will eliminate nearly all tariffs, seemingly defying the worries about trade tensions set off by President Donald Trump's policies.

The social network grows up and flushes out millions of fake accounts.

It's never good to become the president's public punching bag.

Sure, member growth may have been lower than expected. But Netflix is still firing on all cylinders.

J.C. Penney will open a 75,000-square-foot store at Kings Plaza in Brooklyn next month, allowing it to test how some of its key growth initiatives will work in a smaller space.

Eager to bring your career to a close? Here's why it pays to do so as early as possible.







Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy

