Melania Trump praised for J. Mendel gown: 'She looks like a princess'

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/lifestyle/2018/07/12/melania-trump-praised-for-j-mendel-gown-looks-like-princess.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump leave Winfield House, residence of the U.S. Ambassador, before boarding Marine One helicopter for the flight to nearby Blenheim Palace, Thursday, July 12, 2018, in London.  (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)

Melania Trump has been turning heads in her latest fashion choice at the black-tie dinner hosted by Prime Minister Theresa May at Blenheim Palace Thursday evening, marking Trumps’ first official visit to Britain.

MELANIA TRUMP’S STATE OF THE UNION OUTFIT: PERSONAL STATEMENT, OR JUST A NICE SUIT?

FLOTUS stood out with a pale yellow chiffon gown from French label J. Mendel.  (Associated Press)

While President Trump sported a more traditional black-and-white tuxedo, FLOTUS stood out with a pale yellow chiffon gown from French label J. Mendel. The off-shoulder dress featured a wrapped bodice, floor-length pleats and a billowing cape that gave her a dramatic, yet delicate look.

Melania paired the ensemble with minimal jewelry and sky-high stiletto heels in a matching pastel color.

The first lady has been praised for her gown across social media.  (Associated Press)

The $6,990 ready-to-wear dress has been so admired that it is completely sold out on J. Mendel’s website – though the price was dropped to $2,996, USA Today reported.

After Melania debuted the gown, several took to Twitter to gush about the outfit, even comparing the first last to a Disney princess.

Melania's dress is just beautiful she looks like a princess https://t.co/rZBbZvLYF2

Radiant Melania is reminiscent of a Disney princess in a yellow off the shoulder gown: https://t.co/KnW20U7zah qua @YouTube

@FLOTUS can I borrow that yellow dress please. Super please!!!! Stunning!!!!

That dress on @MELANIATRUMP tho, she is so hot

I love Melania’s dress!!! 😍😍😍 https://t.co/u5sC5UJxoc

While the dress seemed to be a big hit with most, some were not as complimentary of the buttery yellow frock.

Sorry but as pretty as it is Melania's yellow dress is WAAY too formal for a dinner dress. Looks like she's going to a royal wedding or a presidential prom. #melaniasdress

I knew Melania's awful dress reminded me of someone. How apt! #BeautyAndTheBeast #TrumpUKVisit https://t.co/Hov2EbpivN

Melania's dress looks ridiculous and old fashioned.

The Trumps are joining Prime Minister May and other British business leaders at the black-tie dinner at the palace to kick off their visit to Britain.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

The Trumps are scheduled to meet Queen Elizabeth II Friday afternoon at Windsor Castle after President Trump meets with Prime Minister May in the morning.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

