Navy pushes for more amphibious assault ships

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/tech/topics/military-tech.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Congressional decision-makers are working with the Navy to explore massively speeding up construction of its emerging fleet of new amphibious assault ships --- as part of an urgent ...

A Netgear router with an easy-to-guess default password may have a helped a hacker steal sensitive documents about a US military drone.

Engineers at the University of Cincinnati are teaming up with Air Force Research Laboratory and working on engineering clothing that could one day power gadgets, including a cell ...

The Navy is expanding its attack submarine strategy to further emphasize enhanced “spy” like intelligence, surveillance reconnaissance missions to quietly patrol shallow waters ...

The Pentagon is substantially revving up its arsenal of air-launched, laser-guided rockets able to attack and hit moving targets from the air at ranges more than three kilometers (...

Two startups aiming to build the world’s first flying taxis are getting funding from the U.S. military. ...

New Vegas tech space allows entrepreneurs to solve issues war fighters and airmen experience on bases across country.

The Marine Corps is now arming its Osprey tiltrotor aircraft with a range of weapons to enable its assault support and escort missions in increasingly high-threat combat ...

AFWERX, which opened last month in Las Vegas, is a publicly funded space, or “innovation hub,” for anyone who wants to pitch an idea and begin working on it with the backing of the ...

The Air Force is mapping a two-fold future path for its B-1 bomber which includes plans to upgrade the bomber while simultaneously preparing the aircraft for eventual retirement as ...

Young entrepreneurs and developers in Mississippi are aiming to make the Magnolia State a major techhub for the emerging field of virtual reality.

A growing cadre of so-called 'white hat' hackers help stop security breaches before they happen.

Congress is stepping in to find out just who can see your data.

Allison Barrie shares details on how University of Texas at Austin researchers have devised a simple way to hunt difficult-to-find deadly nerve agent weapons by using two everyday items, Legos and smartphones.

What does the social media move mean for you? Centric Digital's Brian Manning explains.

As opioid abuse continues to kill people across the country - there were 33,000 opioid-related deaths in 2016 - Cary, N.C. began using a special device that pinpoints what areas of the city have high opioid abuse by testing the sewer water

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

