NFL

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/sports.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Amid a disappointing regular season and speculation about his future in Washington, Nationals slugger Bryce Harper gave his fans one more reason to cheer Monday night, winning the ...

An autoworker’s union strike meant to protest Cristiano Ronaldo’s $131 million transfer from Real Madrid to Jeep-sponsored Juventus was a “resounding flop” on Monday in Italy, ...

A lawyer for the former girlfriend of Buffalo Bills star LeSean McCoy said Friday her client is now uncertain the running back was involved in the planning of a brutal home ...

UFC star Conor McGregor came under fire Sunday after he called Russian President Vladimir Putin “one of the greatest leaders of our time.”

Serena Williams climbed 153 spots in the WTA rankings after her runner-up finish at Wimbledon, putting her back in the top 30.

Ray Emery, a talented and mercurial goaltender who played for four NHL teams over 11 seasons, drowned early Sunday while swimming at a yacht club in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. He ...

Celebrations went global for France's World Cup victory on Sunday.

France clinched its second FIFA World Cup title after beating Croatia 4-2 in the finals on Sunday.

Four people associated with a Russian punk group were dragged off the field during the World Cup final in Russia on Sunday after they disrupted the game between France and Croatia.

Novak Djokovic won his fourth Wimbledon title on Sunday, beating Kevin Anderson in straight sets.

Manny Pacquiao won by knockout for the first time in nine years to claim the World Boxing Association welterweight title, and made a proclamation.

France is the established power with a young team full of speed and skill. Croatia has the veterans that have shown they can never be counted out.

Angelique Kerber won her first Wimbledon championship by stopping Serena Williams' bid for a record-equaling 24th Grand Slam title.

Supermodel Kate Upton announced on Saturday that she is pregnant with her and her husband Justin Verlander's first child.

The University of Louisville in Kentucky announced Friday that it will drop the Papa John’s name from its football stadium as part of the growing fallout over a racial remark made ...

American John Isner lost to Kevin Anderson in a record-setting semifinal at Wimbledon that lasted over six hours on Friday.

Major League Baseball’s promotion with Papa John’s has been suspended until after the All-Star break, the company said in a statement to Fox News on Friday.

Former NFL player Kellen Winslow Jr., who is already facing multiple sexual assault charges, was charged Thursday with raping a teen girl in 2003, officials said.

Lindsey Vonn is no stranger to injury.

FIFA wants TV broadcasters to stop zooming in on shots of “hot women” in the crowd at soccer matches in an effort to stamp out sexism in the sport, an official said.

Fiat employees in Italy plan to hold a strike after the Agnelli family, which owns the carmaker, paid Portuguese soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo a reported $130 million to leave ...

Authorities in Cherokee County, Ga., released 911 audio Thursday connected with a reported home invasion, robbery and assault early Tuesday at the suburban Atlanta home of NFL ...

Major League Baseball reportedly suspended its Papa John’s promotion Thursday a day after the company’s CEO resigned over using the N-word during a conference call.

The news arrives amidst a tough week for rival Papa John’s.

Political panel discusses the hypocrisy and backlash against the Arizona Cardinals president.

Buffalo Bills star LeSean McCoy is accused of beating his girlfriend, his son, his dog, and for using illegal drugs.

The league's new national anthem policy requires all players on the field to stand during the anthem or stay in the locker room; Trace Gallagher reports from Los Angeles.

President Trump asked NFL players to name possible pardons; New Orleans Saints tight end joins 'Fox News @ Night' to explain why he's answering the call.

Philadelphia Eagles quarterback stops by 'Fox & Friends' to discuss his new book 'Believe It: My Journey of Success, Failure, and Overcoming the Odds.'

Philadelphia Eagles quarterback and Super Bowl MVP joins 'The Story' to discuss his career, his faith and his new book 'Believe It: My Journey to Success, Failure, and Overcoming the Odds.'

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

