Not sad, but true: Kirk Hammett selling another San Francisco mansion for $13M

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/real-estate/2018/07/11/not-sad-but-true-kirk-hammett-selling-another-san-francisco-mansion-for-13m.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Kirk Hammett of Metallica performs at the Global Citizen Festival at Central Park in Manhattan, New York, U.S., September 24, 2016. REUTERS/Andrew Kelly - S1AEUDGHKNAA  (Reuters)

Even if you're not a Metallica fan, you can still rock out to the real estate taste of Kirk Hammett. The band's lead guitarist has put another superb San Francisco estate on the market for $13 million.

 (Realtor.com)

It's in an exclusive enclave overlooking China Beach and right next door to another luxury home in the Sea Cliff neighborhood that Hammett sold in March for $12.8 million. It had been listed for $16 million in 2016, but he still made a hefty profit since he had purchased the property in 2005 for $5.7 million.

So how does his latest real estate offering compare?

Like the house next door, this breathtaking beauty dates to the 1920s. Perched on a cliff, the Mediterranean-style mansion features huge picture windows that frame beach views on all three levels. The 5,200-square-foot layout includes four bedrooms, five bathrooms, a large living room with a fireplace, and a formal dining room. 

The remodeled kitchen includes a breakfast nook, and there's a family room with a media center. But perhaps the most eye-popping prize of the property is the “exquisite ocean-view terrace” that overlooks the beach.

 (Realtor.com)

Notably, the residence features horror movie posters Hammett has collected over the years. (He's published two books showcasing his extensive collection.) All we can say is this home is scary nice.

Perhaps in an effort to create a cliffside compound with the house next door, the rocker purchased this property in 2010 for $8 million.

Hammett, who grew up in San Francisco, has been the lead guitarist and songwriter for Metallica since 1983. He was ranked 11th on Rolling Stone’s 2003 list of “The 100 Greatest Metal Guitarists of All-Time."

Mark Levinson of Pacific Union International holds the listing.

The post Not Sad, but True: Kirk Hammett Selling Another San Francisco Mansion for $13M appeared first on Real Estate News & Insights | realtor.com®.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

