Out of control van grinds road barrier like a skateboarder

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/auto.html



Video of an out of control van in the U.K. grinding the road barrier like a skateboarder.

Barn-kept shed find.

An autoworker’s union strike meant to protest Cristiano Ronaldo’s $131 million transfer from Real Madrid to Jeep-sponsored Juventus was a “resounding flop” on Monday in Italy, ...

This video shows the see-it-to-believe-it moment when a van driver dices with death by grinding along the edge of a road bridge.

Police in England pulled over a car last week with a flat tire that was also missing a front fender, but were shocked to discover it had a bucket seat.

Rezvani, the Southern Californian coachbuilder who first arrived on the scene with the Ariel Atom-based Beast, recently made news with a brand new monster machine.

Luxury McLaren 720S sports car totaled the day after it was purchased in Great Falls, Virginia.

A driver in Fairfax County, Va., totaled a McLaren 720S luxury sports car just a day after it was purchased, police said.

A man and woman allegedly stole a fire truck after seeing the door open and “thought, Hollywood,” before leading police on an hours-long chase through several California towns.

How much of a truck can a woodchuck chuck?

While talking to the Economic Club of Washington D.C. Paul Ryan bemoaned that he has not been able to drive since becoming speaker of the house. His Chevrolet Suburban, which was ...

upply and demand—it’s that pesky thing that affects the value of the cars you desire.

The Ford Mustang may have been named after an American fighter plane, but now there’s one disguised as a British Spitfire that was built to honor U.S. vets from World War II.

In 1983, a rare right-hand-drive Jaguar E-type 3.8 coupe was parked in a barn in Scotland.

A BMW driver faced a harrowing ordeal last month when his car caught fire as he was trapped inside.

Steve McQueen’s “Bullitt” Mustang is back on the beat.

An Arizona GOP lawmaker who was pulled over for speeding claimed he had legislative immunity and said he sometimes drives up to 140 mph in a law enforcement body cam video ...

Two Minnesota women died Monday after their car was rammed by a boulder that broke free from another vehicle, police said.

$7,500 incentive goes away at the end of the year.

Automakers are finding that limited special editions are highly successful sales tools.













This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

