Philippine President Duterte apologizes for calling God 'stupid'

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/world-religion.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte apologized to the “all forgiving God” after being heavily criticized for calling God “stupid” and a “son of a b****” in a controversial ...

An Israeli parliamentary committee deliberated Monday on the final draft of a contentious legislation that would define Israel as the nation-state of the Jewish people.

The Shroud of Turin, which has been revered by some Christians as the burial cloth of Jesus, could be a fake, according to a new forensic investigation. ...

More than 200 Nicaraguan university students were reunited with their parents Saturday after a tense night of armed attacks that left two dead and dozens wounded.

Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte has defied and angered the Catholic Church and Christians worldwide, after he said he would quit if someone could prove to him that God exists....

Indonesia's deeply conservative Muslim province of Aceh on Friday publicly caned 15 people found guilty of violating Shariah law, despite pledging not to carry out the punishment ...

Authorities arrested a priest Thursday on accusations of sexually abusing minors, the latest turn in a scandal engulfing Chile's Roman Catholic Church for having covered up abuses ...

The city council voted Thursday against opening impeachment proceedings against Rio Mayor Marcelo Crivella, rejecting accusations he misused his office to grant favors to members ...

A controversial Turkish televangelist known for giving his sermons while surrounded by a group of scantily clad women he calls his “kittens” was arrested Wednesday in Istanbul on ...

President Donald Trump will be arriving Thursday in Britain, his first visit since becoming president.

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react negatively to the expansion of NATO, blames terrorists for civilian casualties in Syria.

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports from Helsinki.

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

