Presidents Trump, Putin address Syria conflict

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/conflicts.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Presidents Trump and Putin on the U.S. and Russia working to end the humanitarian crisis in Syria.

President Trump met behind closed doors for more than two hours Monday with Vladimir Putin, as the two leaders tackled weighty issues amid political pressure back home for Trump to ...

Russia's role in the Middle East a big focus of the meeting between the leaders.

National security analyst Rebecca Grant on how Trump has reshaped foreign policy.

Fox News foreign policy analyst Walid Phares shares insight as Trump prepares to meet with Putin in Helsinki.

Israeli agents covertly extracted documents detailing Iran’s nuclear program in a dramatic 6½-hour operation in Tehran in January, removing a trove of materials that included ...

Secretary of State Mike Pompeo said “firm commitments” were made on Sunday during a meeting between U.S. and North Korean officials at the Demilitarized Zone to discuss the ...

South Korea reports that U.S. and North Korea officials met at the DMZ to discuss the return of soldiers' remains; Lt. Col. Daniel Davis shares insight.

Given that the Iranian government appears wholly unengaged in formal diplomatic channels, Twitter just may be our most direct courier.

Former intelligence officer Don Bramer reacts on 'Fox & Friends First.'

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react negatively to the expansion of NATO, blames terrorists for civilian casualties in Syria.

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports from Helsinki.

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

