Presidents Trump and Putin address gas pipeline to Germany

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/global-economy.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Trump and Putin address strategic and economic impact of the planned Nord Stream 2 pipeline which will deliver natural gas to Europe.

Gen. Anthony Tata discusses the outcome of Trump's tough talk.

President Trump and other world leaders worry that the more European nations rely on Russia for their energy supplies, the more power and control Moscow ultimately has over them; ...

Economist Peter Morici weighs in on 'Fox & Friends First.'

The $12.6 billion in tariffs are in retaliation to the new tariffs imposed on Canadian-made aluminum and steel imported to the U.S.

European Union responds to Trump administration's steel and aluminum tariffs; FBN's Hillary Vaughn reports.

Distiller Derek Sisson explains how the whiskey tariff could impact American and European companies.

Former U.S. Ambassador to Canada Bruce Heyman joins The Next Revolution to discuss the U.S. and allies following the G7 summit.

Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says his country will move forward with equivalent tariffs; Ellison Barber reports on the fallout from the G7 summit.

President Trump says Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's protection of dairy farmers is killing U.S. agricultural interests; Kevin has the latest from Quebec City, Canada.

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react negatively to the expansion of NATO, blames terrorists for civilian casualties in Syria.

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports from Helsinki.

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

