Public sector unions chart future after Supreme Court setback

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/politics/judiciary.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Hillary Clinton touts energized membership at national teachers union conference

Senate Democrats outline a strategy to oppose the Supreme Court nominee while Majority Leader McConnell pushes for a quick confirmation.

Several swing-vote senators, including moderate Republicans and vulnerable Democrats in red states, have signaled early optimism on the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to replace ...

Former Whitewater independent counsel on Democrats bashing President Trump's pick to replace retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy.

During his 12 years on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, Judge Kavanaugh has had many law clerks. It was my immense good fortune to be one of them.

Conservative religious leaders are celebrating the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh for the U.S. Supreme Court, but there are a few cautious voices, asking whether he will be a ...

Russian intelligence officers are accused of hacking into DNC servers during 2016 campaign. WSJ video reporter Shelby Holliday provides insight.

Republican lawmakers launch blistering attacks against the anti-Trump FBI agent during a public hearing.

Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein announces indictment of 12 Russians for hacking the DNC during the 2016 election.

On 'America's Newsroom,' Democratic congressman from California responds to the fiery Strzok hearing and says the Republicans 'torched the rule of law.'

The biggest reorganization of the U.S. Army in half a century aims to establish dominance in cutting edge warfighting technologies; national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin reports.

Gen. Anthony Tata discusses the outcome of Trump's tough talk.

U.S. plans to stay in Afghanistan indefinitely

Construction has begun on temporary tents for undocumented families and children. Casey Stegall reports from Texas.

Is the military prepared for the next war it is called to fight? Republican congressman and former Navy SEAL speaks out on 'Fox & Friends.'

President Trump makes demands of several NATO leaders ahead of next week's summit in Brussels; national security correspondent Jennifer Griffin reports from the Pentagon.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

