Putin eats Trump's lunch in Helsinki -- This is no way to win against Russia

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/opinion.html



President Trump, and our country for that matter, can only win against Putin if we are assertive about American goals and our values. Trump failed to accomplish that in Helsinki on Monday.

I was elected National President of the College Democrats of America in 1999, and now I’m a Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in 2018.

As a long-time defender of shopping holidays like Black Friday, and as an avid Amazon.com shopper, I should be the natural audience for Amazon’s “Prime Day.”

President Trump, and our country for that matter, can only win against Putin if we are assertive about American goals and our values. Trump failed to accomplish that in Helsinki on ...

As a long-time defender of shopping holidays like Black Friday, and as an avid Amazon.com shopper, I should be the natural audience for Amazon’s “Prime Day.”

As in the U.S., politics in the former Soviet Union can be highly polarized.

Forty years ago, I made one of the best decisions of my life. I walked away from the Democrat party and registered as a Republican.

I was elected National President of the College Democrats of America in 1999, and now I’m a Republican candidate for U.S. Senate in 2018.

Once upon a time, if you wanted to smear someone anonymously from a distance, you had to write on a bathroom wall.

The corruption of the Justice Department proceeds, unmolested by actual justice. The voter revolution of 2016 has more work to do.

There’s nothing more American than spending a weekend afternoon at the grill, on the lake, or at a beach surrounded by your family and friends with a cold brew in your hand.

This is a meeting of two powerful, competitive leaders at a time of great tension in the relationship between their nations.

Given that the Iranian government appears wholly unengaged in formal diplomatic channels, Twitter just may be our most direct courier.

Latest opinion cartoons from FoxNews.com

Heading into his summit in Finland Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin, President Trump has an important goal: improve relations with the world’s second-ranked nuclear ...

President Trump can have a successful summit Monday with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Finland and outwit his critics if he takes a tough-love approach to his seeming ...

Outside of politics Hillary is lost. Her actions post-election reveal it’s all she ever aspired to, and she doesn’t appear to be letting it go.

Media bias was flying as fast as Air Force One as President Trump went from announcing a Supreme Court nominee to traveling to a NATO meeting in Belgium and then to Britain. ...

In the early 1900s, 16-year-old William Whiting Borden graduated from The Hill School in Pottstown, Pennsylvania – a prestigious boarding school known for sending its alumni to ...

My seven-month-old nephew Canaan was dying and nobody knew it, including his doctor, who had misdiagnosed his digestive issues.

Millennials particularly should pay close attention to what the economy is offering now.

If medals were awarded for disgraceful, disrespectful and downright dumb statements by members of Congress, Rep. Steve Cohen, D-Tenn., would surely be awarded one for his ...

Justin, in wishing you and Hailey the best, and building off a combination of biblical wisdom and hard-earned marriage experience, we offer you twelve golden rules for a healthy ...

During his 12 years on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, Judge Kavanaugh has had many law clerks. It was my immense good fortune to be one of them.

Both the House Judiciary and Oversight Committees have an obligation to continue their oversight investigations. Americans need to be reassured that biased, partisan and abusive ...

Americans change churches like home owners change air filters – throw a little dirt or time in a certain direction and it’s time for a change.























This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

