Scientists capture mysterious 'ghost particle' in a giant ice cube in 'triumph' that changes how we see the universe

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/science/natural-science.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Scientists have captured a ghost-like subatomic particle on Earth, helping to solve a mystery baffling scientists for 100 years.

Police in Maryland hope to track down a rapist and murderer who struck decades ago with an image crafted using his own DNA.

Neanderthals went extinct about 40,000 years ago, but thanks to cutting-edge science, there is now a lab in California that has petri dishes filled with pea-size versions of the ...

Modern DNA testing technology is incredibly robust, potentially playing a big role in political espionage.

The famous ancient site at Stonehenge may have been built using Greek philosopher Pythagoras’ famous theorem two millennia before the mathematical equation was developed, experts ...

The voice of Stephen Hawking will be beamed into space in a message of peace and hope as the British physicist was laid to rest during a service at London's Westminster abbey.

It's been about six months since a pair of cloned female macaques were brought into this world by a team of Chinese scientists.

Giant viruses may invent genes and proteins found nowhere else on Earth, new research suggests. ...

The Incas mastered the practice of trepanation, which is the process of drilling holes in people's skulls.

Read enough books on the body and you’ll find that reality is much stranger than any sci-fi series. Take the chimera chapter in science writer Carl Zimmer’s sprawling new treatise ...

Reefs would benefit ecosystem and serve as natural barriers for hurricanes

Käthe Heusermann was in solitary confinement for six years and then sentenced to ten years of hard labor in a Gulag by Josef Stalin's Soviet Union. Her crime was knowing the truth about Adolf Hitler's death.

Photographs of Winston Churchill greeting troops shortly after D-Day have surfaced.

How 'Ghost Dunes' could reveal past life on the Red Planet.

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' New Shepard space vehicle will carry six passengers and blast off vertically, shooting more than 62 miles above Earth into suborbital space.

Wisconsin sheriff says technology is giving a new look at the person they believe committed the killings of Green Bay couple.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

