Stocks

Link: https://www.foxbusiness.com/category/markets/stocks.html

Advertisement

Asian markets were mostly lower on Tuesday following a mixed day on Wall Street, as tensions over U.S. tariffs overshadowed data suggesting global growth is still on track.

UnitedHealth, J&J and Goldman Sachs all report earnings.

U.S. stocks are mixed Monday morning as banks rise along with interest rates but energy companies sink along with the price of oil.

___ Jared Kushner's family firm accused of pushing out tenants NEW YORK (AP) — Twenty current and former tenants of a New York City building owned by the Kushner Cos. allege it harassed them with construction hazards, apartment intrusions and rent hikes while trying to force them out to make way for high-paying condo buyers.

U.S. stocks slipped Monday as investors bought banks but sold shares of most other types of companies, including health care and technology stocks.

Netflix’s stock fell nearly 14% after its earnings report.

John Schnatter said he thought the May conference call was confidential.

The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local): 9:35 a.m.

Content deals are the name of the game for Vince McMahon and the WWE.

Net income applicable to common shareholders rose to $6.47 billion in the second quarter, from $4.75 billion a year earlier.

On a per share basis, BlackRock earned $6.62, compared with $5.20 a year earlier.

Shares edged higher in early European trading on Monday after Asian benchmarks slipped on news that China's economy grew at a lackluster 6.7 percent pace in the last quarter.

Stocks aiming for a fourth straight day of gains.

The order will double the size of DHL's 777 fleet.

Shares edged lower in Asia early Monday after China reported lackluster growth data in line with expectations.

The expected growth didn't materialize for the iPhone X, but Apple is more optimistic this year.

On Friday, the S&P 500 index finished above 2,800 for the first time since Feb. 1.

___ Federal Reserve projects further gradual hikes in key rate WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve says that it expects low unemployment and rising inflation will keep it on track to raise interest rates at a gradual pace over the next two years.

Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he is selling off all his vast stock holdings after news reports raised questions about the timing of some of his stock transactions and he received a sharp reprimand from the chief federal ethics officer.

U.S. stocks wrapped up another solid week Friday as industrial and energy companies ticked higher, but quarterly results from several big U.S. banks didn't excite investors.





Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy

