Technology

Link: https://www.foxbusiness.com/category/technology.html

Advertisement

The retailer is looking for a fall intern to test mattresses and post social media videos.

Scott Uehlinger, former CIA operative, predicts future procedure of the intelligence community following the comments made by President Trump during the joint press conference with Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Online shoppers reported issues using Amazon's website at the start of Prime Day.

Netflix’s stock fell nearly 14% after its earnings report.

“The Bubba Show” host Todd Horwitz on how Amazon’s website crashed during its 2018 Prime Day and what stocks investors should add to their portfolios.

Amazon’s website was hit with a glitch during the e-commerce giant's 2018 Prime Day. FOX Business’ Hillary Vaughn reports on how retailers are trying to beat Amazon on its big day.

Amazon Prime day runs through Tuesday.

Former BB&T CEO John Allison discusses the trade war and President Trump's summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki.

Former Ambassador to the U.N. Economic & Social Council Terry Miller thinks that President Trump missed an opportunity during his press conference to confront Russian President Vladimir Putin on allegations of election meddling.

Amazon spokeswoman Lori Torgerson takes FOX Business through the company’s biggest shopping event of the year.

FoxNews.com columnist Liz Peek, Washington Examiner commentary editor Tim Carney and UBS Senior Vice President of Investments Jim Lacamp discuss how President Trump’s meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin appears to show that Trump was not strong enough against Putin.

Former Deputy Assistant Attorney General Tom Dupree is disappointed in President Trump missing an opportunity to be more aggressive towards Russian President Vladimir Putin during their summit in Helsinki and Robert Mueller’s ongoing investigation around the 2016 election.

American Defense International Chair Van Hipp hopes that President Trump confronted Russian President Vladimir Putin about important topics like cyber warfare during their summit in Helsinki.

Prime Day countdown deals started Monday.

FBN’s Gerri Willis goes through Amazon’s best deals for Prime Day and Amazon’s poor working conditions in Europe pushing workers to participate in protests in the days leading up to Amazon Prime Day.

European Council President Donald Tusk has urged President Donald Trump, Russian President Vladimir Putin and China to work with Europe to avoid trade wars and prevent conflict and chaos.

The expected growth didn't materialize for the iPhone X, but Apple is more optimistic this year.

Instagram, the online photo-sharing and social networking service, was temporarily out of service Friday afternoon.

Amazon targeting this $14 billion market.

Facebook is taking heat for refusing to ban Pages for conspiracy theory websites.





Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy

