Texas company builds new oyster reef after Hurricane Harvey devastated population

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/science/planet-earth.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Prestige Oysters, one of the nation’s leading oyster distributors, is planting 10,000 tons of limestone off the coast of Galveston County. The latest endeavor is the first new reef ...

Reefs would benefit ecosystem and serve as natural barriers for hurricanes

The ongoing eruption of Hawaii's Kilauea Volcano and continued lava flows into the sea has created a tiny new landmass off the Big Island, officials revealed Friday.

An 11-million ton iceberg, perched off the coast of a tiny Greenland village, is striking fear in the hearts of residents. ...

A solar eclipse is scheduled for Friday the 13th, but most skywatchers will be out of luck without doing a bit of traveling.

According to a recent study, bright pink is the world's oldest color, having been discovered in rocks that are 1.1 billion years old.

A team of scientists from New York University captured on video a 4-mile iceberg breaking away from a glacier in eastern Greenland.

Lauren Biggers reeled in a nearly 7-foot blacktip shark off Surfside Beach in Texas over the weekend — a feat she says wouldn't have been possible without her CrossFit training.

For years, human pollution has been killing coral reefs around the world. But now, scientists think they may have found a way to save them.

Earlier this year, scientists could not figure out why an illegal, ozone-killing chemical had suddenly resurfaced in a big way.

Reefs would benefit ecosystem and serve as natural barriers for hurricanes

Käthe Heusermann was in solitary confinement for six years and then sentenced to ten years of hard labor in a Gulag by Josef Stalin's Soviet Union. Her crime was knowing the truth about Adolf Hitler's death.

Photographs of Winston Churchill greeting troops shortly after D-Day have surfaced.

How 'Ghost Dunes' could reveal past life on the Red Planet.

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' New Shepard space vehicle will carry six passengers and blast off vertically, shooting more than 62 miles above Earth into suborbital space.

Wisconsin sheriff says technology is giving a new look at the person they believe committed the killings of Green Bay couple.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

