Thailand boys freed from cave mourn, honor diver who died in rescue mission

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/world/disasters.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

The twelve boys who were rescued from a Thailand cave paid tribute to the Navy SEAL who died during rescue mission that attracted international attention.

A mall in Mexico that had been the site of contention partly collapsed Thursday amid structural problems.

Mall operators evacuated area due to structural problems.

The Thai youth soccer team trapped for 18 days in a cave were given drugs to control their nerves during the perilous three-day rescue operation, officials said.

The dramatic three-day rescue of a youth soccer team from a flooded cave in Thailand almost ended in tragedy Tuesday after the main pump reportedly malfunctioned, sending water ...

Weather forecasters say Tropical Storm Chris has reached hurricane strength while moving away from the U.S. coast in the Atlantic.

The dramatic three-day rescue of a Thai youth soccer team that had been stuck in a flooded cave came to an end Tuesday when the last boy and the team's coach were plucked from the ...

Former Navy SEAL reacts to the remarkable efforts by divers on the cave rescue mission.

It's been more than two weeks since a young Thailand soccer team and its soccer coach became trapped inside a cave they were exploring in northern Thailand. The country’s annual ...

Thai Navy SEALS report that all 12 members of the team and the coach are out of the cave while four rescuers remain inside.

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react negatively to the expansion of NATO, blames terrorists for civilian casualties in Syria.

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John Roberts reports from Helsinki.

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

