Toddler walks outside for first time ever after life-saving double lung transplant

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/health.html



This is the heartwarming moment a toddler who has spent her whole life in hospital was allowed to go home for the first time after a life-saving double lung transplant.

Lindsey McIver spoke about the Tuesday incident involving her three-year-old Kloe and a LG washer in a July 11 post.

A Marine veteran who set out on foot from San Diego in March will reach North Carolina this week as he walks to raise awareness for mental health issues afflicting the armed forces ...

A Florida mom is warning others with food allergies after her teen daughter reportedly died from a reaction to a cookie she had at a friend’s house.

Noah had just finished his first year at Central Michigan University on the Dean’s List, when his family got the diagnosis.

A Marine veteran is making his second trek across the United States in an effort to raise awareness for other vets suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and other mental ...

Today’s moms-to-be are more likely than women from their mothers’ generation to become depressed while pregnant, a study suggests.

Take a deep, satisfying breath.

A husband swung into action and delivered his wife's baby in the back of his car using his dressing gown.

This is the heartwarming moment a toddler who has spent her whole life in hospital was allowed to go home for the first time after a life-saving double lung transplant.

A Philadelphia-area woman who described herself as a drug addict is being held on a homicide charge after prosecutors accused her of transmitting drugs to her 11-week-old baby ...

E. coli bacteria was found in water at a popular zip lining attraction in Tennessee where more than 500 people reportedly fell ill, health officials said.

Six nurses in North Carolina who are all expecting within months of each showed off their “baby bumps” in a recent photo shared by the medical center where they work.















This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

