Virtual reality developers aim to spark tech boom in the Deep South

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/tech/topics/innovation.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Thousands of miles away from Silicon Valley in Clarksdale, Mississippi, in an old building that used to be a clothing shop, there’s a virtual reality academy that trains the next ...

Congressional decision-makers are working with the Navy to explore massively speeding up construction of its emerging fleet of new amphibious assault ships --- as part of an urgent ...

Diabolical, invisible weapons lurking to strike innocent civilians can now be exposed and stopped with an ingenious device built from Legos, a smartphone and free software.

In 2016 more than 33,000 opioid related deaths occurred across the U.S., but the town of Cary, located on the outskirts of North Carolina’s capital, is the first to use a special ...

The Navy is expanding its attack submarine strategy to further emphasize enhanced “spy” like intelligence, surveillance reconnaissance missions to quietly patrol shallow waters ...

The Pentagon is substantially revving up its arsenal of air-launched, laser-guided rockets able to attack and hit moving targets from the air at ranges more than three kilometers (...

Two startups aiming to build the world’s first flying taxis are getting funding from the U.S. military. ...

A car is never just a car. Yes, there’s the engine, windshield, and axle; these parts have been fundamental to cars since they were known as “horseless carriages.” But the modern ...

The Marine Corps is now arming its Osprey tiltrotor aircraft with a range of weapons to enable its assault support and escort missions in increasingly high-threat combat ...

Elon Musk is sending some of his engineers from two of his companies to help a the soccer team and its coach, trapped in a Thailand cave.

Young entrepreneurs and developers in Mississippi are aiming to make the Magnolia State a major techhub for the emerging field of virtual reality.

A growing cadre of so-called 'white hat' hackers help stop security breaches before they happen.

Congress is stepping in to find out just who can see your data.

Allison Barrie shares details on how University of Texas at Austin researchers have devised a simple way to hunt difficult-to-find deadly nerve agent weapons by using two everyday items, Legos and smartphones.

What does the social media move mean for you? Centric Digital's Brian Manning explains.

As opioid abuse continues to kill people across the country - there were 33,000 opioid-related deaths in 2016 - Cary, N.C. began using a special device that pinpoints what areas of the city have high opioid abuse by testing the sewer water

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

