WeWork no longer reimbursing meals containing meat

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/food-drink/2018/07/16/wework-no-longer-reimbursing-meals-containing-meat.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

WeWork announced it will no longer reimburse employees for meals containing meat.  (iStock)

WeWork’s decision to go meat-free in an effort to reduce its carbon footprint is drawing mixed reviews on social media.

The co-working startup made the announcement in an email to about 6,000 employees last week, informing them it will no longer provide reimbursement for company meals containing red meat, poultry or pork, nor would it be serving meat products at company events or within the communal kitchens at about 400 office spaces worldwide, Bloomberg reports.

STARBUCKS' STRAW BAN QUESTIONED BY DISABILITY RIGHTS GROUPS

"New research indicates that avoiding meat is one of the biggest things an individual can do to reduce their personal environmental impact, even more than switching to a hybrid car," co-founder and chief culture officer Miguel McKelvey wrote in the email, per Bloomberg.

While employees and the roughly 200,000 members who work out of WeWork locations can still bring their own lunches containing meat, attendees at the annual “Summer Camp,” for example, won’t find hamburgers and hot dogs on the menu.

WeWork estimates the new policy change will save 445.1 million pounds of carbon dioxide emissions by 2023, 16.6 billion gallons of water and 15,507,103 animals.

FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK FOR MORE FOX LIFESTYLE NEWS

Reactions on Twitter have been mixed, with many people praising the company for taking a step toward saving the environment, while others compared the decision to that of Hobby Lobby refusing to provide birth control to its employees.

I know a lot of people are going to be mad about this but guess what...

You are not automatically entitled to free meat from your employer/work space.https://t.co/veZ4ev09OE

If you’re a company and have the opportunity to save money while bringing awareness to a big issue like meat consumption, do it and use the money you save towards something helpful. Would like to see other companies join @WeWork

WeWork has stopped all meat at all meetings and functins. Citing, save the animals. What else are they saving for their coffers? $$$$$$$

WeWork 'banning meat' at the company under the guise of "saving the environment" is pretty funny. The greenest thing they could do is shut down altogether. Working from home & meeting via video chat is greener than commuting in to their spaces (and the real future of work).

jesus who would want to work for these monsters https://t.co/qPMEnMElAf

Hobby Lobby's insurance plans paid for (pays for) most forms of birth control, just not the Plan B "morning after" form so it's almost exactly the same. WeWork will pay for vegetarian meals, but not for meat.

It’s exactly like Hobby Lobby: both employers don’t believe in being forced to spend their own money on things they see as provably harmful and wrong that aren’t required to be healthy and alive. There’s no logic that justifies WeWork that doesn’t also justify Hobby Lobby

Michelle Gant is a writer and editor for Fox News Lifestyle.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

