What's next for Putin's Russia after World Cup?

Link: http://www.foxnews.com/world.html



The World Cup soccer championship held here in Russia has been celebrated as a huge success, and President Vladimir Putin said he hoped the hospitality and openness on display here will have dispelled some of the "myths and prejudices" about the country.

Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul on Monday expressed his approval of President Donald Trump’s handling of Russia, joining a tiny minority of dovish Republicans embracing the president’s ...

The hill on which the young woman's shelter is being built is so unstable that the earth crumbles under your feet.

Each morning hundreds of Mexicans crowd at the gates of 216 Chihuahua Street in the capital, home to the white, two-story building that served as President-elect Andres Manuel ...

The British diver who played an instrumental role in rescuing the 12 boys from a Thailand cave on Monday fired back at tech billionaire Elon Musk who apparently accused him of ...

Standing in the middle of a busy border bridge filled with thousands of Venezuelans lugging babies and suitcases, Mark Green said one element stood out in contrast to every other ...

Russian President Vladimir Putin, in an occasionally combative interview with Fox News’ Chris Wallace, called it “utterly ridiculous” that some people think the Russians could have ...

President Trump's willing to believe Putin's denials of Russia meddling in the 2016 presidential election ignites outrage in the Left and elite ruling class. #Tucker

New data from 52 countries in hot climates reveals that over 1.1 billion people face "significant risks" from lack of access to cooling including death, a U.N. envoy said Monday.

In an exclusive, wide-ranging interview with 'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace, Putin dismisses claims of Russian interference in the 2016 election, says Russia would react ...

Critics pounce after Trump appears to take Russian President Putin's side in the argument over whether Russia interfered in the 2016 election; chief White House correspondent John ...

President Trump holds historic summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Helsinki, Finland; reaction and analysis on 'The Five.'

Former FBI Director James Comey on Monday joined the long list of politicians and public figures condemning President Trump's remarks at his news conference with Russian President ...

Take a look and enjoy some of the most evocative, momentous images captured around the world in the past seven days.

The Latest on President Donald Trump's summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin (all times local): 10:45 p.m. Facing withering bipartisan criticism over his refusal to publicly ...

A Russian woman accused of conspiring to infiltrate American political organizations — including the National Rifle Association — at the direction of an unnamed senior Kremlin ...

The World Cup soccer championship held here in Russia has been celebrated as a huge success, and President Vladimir Putin said he hoped the hospitality and openness on display here ...

'Fox News Sunday' anchor Chris Wallace's exclusive, wide-ranging interview with Russian President Vladimir Putin will air on 'Special Report' at 6 p.m. ET.

The same Russian group is accused of meddling in U.S. presidential election; Benjamin Hall reports from London.

The U.N. envoy for Libya said Monday he fears the recent agreement to resume oil production in the conflict-torn country will not hold unless two issues are speedily tackled — ...

Russian President Vladimir Putin and his trademark macho posture converged with President Donald Trump and his classic power stance as the leaders met on the world stage in Finland.

The Latest on France celebrating team's World Cup victory (all times local): 8 p.m. France's victorious World Cup team has descended upon Paris' packed Champs-Elysees Avenue in an ...

The Latest on Europe's response to mass migration (all times local): 7:10 p.m.

At least 10 people were shot dead in Nicaragua as police and paramilitary groups attacked roadblocks set up by anti-government demonstrators demanding President Daniel Ortega's ...

Russia's Vladimir Putin said Monday he did want Donald Trump to win the 2016 U.S. presidential election but took no action during the campaign to make it happen.

Russian President Vladimir says he didn't even know then-businessman Donald Trump was in Moscow, calls rumor 'utter nonsense.'

















This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

