When to buy home appliances and other essentials to get the best deal

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/real-estate/2018/07/16/when-to-buy-home-appliances-and-other-essentials-to-get-best-deal.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Score the best deals on home appliances and other essentials by following these tips.  (iStock)

When is the best time to buy a TV, mattress, refrigerator, and other basic essentials for your home? If you're a homeowner who loves a bargain, timing your purchase for a certain month or season can save you hundreds of dollars.

Prices of these big-ticket items tend to fluctuate in predictable patterns. These deals may save you anywhere from 10 percent to nearly 50 percent, if you're smart and conduct a thorough search. So whatever big-ticket item you need for your home, we've put together a list of when prices tend to dip, so you'll know when to strike.

There are two times a year when it's smart to invest in your entertainment system, says consumer savings expert Andrea Woroch: Black Friday, after Thanksgiving, and the Super Bowl in early February. But it's the February slot that will really help you get the best bang for your buck.

"As more consumers shop for TVs around Super Bowl, retailers who are eager to capture their sales release tons of deals on sizes," she says. "In fact, studies show that Super Bowl beats Black Friday and Cyber Monday for TV purchases."

Can't wait for one of those big times to roll around? Woroch suggests looking at refurbished or open-box items at other times of the year to score a deal.

Shopping expert Lisa Lee Freeman of New York says mattresses tend to get marked down during the patriotic holidays: Presidents Day, Memorial Day, the Fourth of July, and Labor Day.

Washer or dryer on the fritz? If you can hold out until the fall, do it!

"When it comes to shopping for appliances, you will find some of the best prices in September and October, when manufacturers roll out new models, making those older models a good deal," Woroch explains.

Technically, they are appliances, but refrigerators are the exception to the fall savings rule. You'll want to hit the store when the weather's just getting warm if you want to cool down your food.

"Brands introduce new inventory in the summer, typically," Woroch says of fridges. "Consumers should start scoping out sales in spring, when retailers begin marking down older models to make room for the new ones."

Want a new couch or bed? You've got two big chances to save big.

"Furniture tends to get marked down heavily early in the year, when new models start hitting showrooms," Freeman says.

But don't worry if you're still paying off your holiday bills in January. There's another chance to collect on the savings for a new recliner or table. July, which is generally a slow month for retail sales in general, is another blowout month for furniture sales, Freeman says.

Washing your sheets every week or two puts a whole lot of wear and tear on all that cotton. If you want to replace that bedraggled bedding, try January. The post-holiday period is known for its "winter white sales," when most linens come at deep discounts.

Let's face it, washers die. Fridges go on the fritz. And it doesn't always happen right in line with the "best time to buy." So how do you manage to keep your budget in line but still get a washer up and running for all that laundry?

This article originally appeared on Realtor.com.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

