Why Mars appears to be moving backward

Link: https://www.foxnews.com/category/science/air-and-space.html

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

Our solar system is in constant motion, with all eight planets — and dwarf planet Pluto — orbiting the sun. Most of those planets are visible from Earth, even to the naked eye. If ...

Stargazers were met with a glittering spectacle across the United States Sunday night.

After NASA's Mercury Surface, Space Environment and Geochemistry Ranging (MESSENGER) mission ended in 2015, the crust of the solar system's innermost planet was thought to be ...

The Martian surface is crisscrossed with what looks like the scars of running water cut into its dusty dry surface.

Today, Pluto is known to sport five moons.

Arachnophobia is defined as the "extreme or irrational fear of spiders." But that "fear" isn't just limited to Earth.

Amateur explorers could soon be shot into space for just $200,000.

Newly published research shows that hundreds of depressions on Mars' surface, aptly named "ghost dunes," could hold evidence of ancient life.

It's a quiet morning on Mars as I carefully walk on the dusty ground, watching my step so I don't trip on any of the rocks underfoot.

Beneath the icy surface of Jupiter's moon Europa lies a massive liquid ocean — and one new animation shows how this subsurface water could move to the moon's surface.

Reefs would benefit ecosystem and serve as natural barriers for hurricanes

Käthe Heusermann was in solitary confinement for six years and then sentenced to ten years of hard labor in a Gulag by Josef Stalin's Soviet Union. Her crime was knowing the truth about Adolf Hitler's death.

Photographs of Winston Churchill greeting troops shortly after D-Day have surfaced.

How 'Ghost Dunes' could reveal past life on the Red Planet.

Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos' New Shepard space vehicle will carry six passengers and blast off vertically, shooting more than 62 miles above Earth into suborbital space.

Wisconsin sheriff says technology is giving a new look at the person they believe committed the killings of Green Bay couple.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2018 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.

